Add local theme link script (#165)
yalesites-org/yalesites-project: README.md

- `confex` Exports your local drupal config.
- `confim` Imports the current config files to your database.

> - `local:theme-link` Run this script once to establish `npm link`s to all three repositories. 
> - `local:cl-dev` Enables a frontend developer to work across all three repositories (`yalesites-project`, `atomic`, and `component-library-twig`) in an environment configured to support both Storybook development, and have the changes reflected in the Drupal instance.

Reviewer: Let's update this verbiage just a little bit, since there's actually four repos in play now.

```suggestion
- `local:theme-link` Run this script once to establish `npm links to all of the frontend-related repositories. 
- `local:cl-dev` Enables a frontend developer to work across all of the repositories (`yalesites-project`, `atomic`, and `component-library-twig`) in an environment configured to support both Storybook development, and have the changes reflected in the Drupal instance. Note: This also wires up the Tokens repo, but if you want to watch for changes there, you'll have to run the `npm run develop` script inside the Tokens directory.
```
